[SDK Docs Audit] Miscellaneous improvements for Swift SDK integrations (#9317)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/developer_guide/swift/sdk_integration.md

### Step 2: Update your app delegate

{% alert note %}

> By default, SwiftUI projects are generated without an `AppDelegate`. The following setup assumes you have an existing `AppDelegate` in your project. If you do not wish to create one, ensure that the Braze SDK is initialized at the earliest point in your app run (i.e. at launch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following assumes you've already added an `AppDelegate` to your project (which aren't generated by default). If you don't plan on using one, be sure to initialize the Braze SDK as early as possible, like during the app's launch.
```
